docs(frontend): add performance tips section (#919)
zama-ai/concrete: docs/optimization/optimize-cryptographic-parameters/composition.md

> ### By specifying composition when using modules

Reviewer: The title is not self-contained

### Specifying composition when using modules

> This guide teaches the importance of specifying composition when using [modules](../../compilation/composing_functions_with_modules.md).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This guide explains how to optimize cryptographic parameters by specifying composition when using [modules](../../compilation/composing_functions_with_modules.md).
```
